improved tutorial text & removed spelling mistakes (#27)
aeternity/tutorials: naming-workflow-in-javascript-sdk.md

```

### 2. Pre-claim Name

> Pre-claiming requires to create a "commitment" to register the name. It uses a secret salt and the name, which are hashed together. This is done automatically, whenthe SDK function is used as described. At the end of the defined main function, add following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-claiming requires to create a "commitment" to register the name. This uses a secret salt and the name, which are hashed together. This is done automatically, when the SDK function is used as described. At the end of the defined main function, add the following:
```

```
const preclaim = await client.aensPreclaim(name);
console.log(preclaim);
```

> We're going to use the `console.log()` output later to visualize if all the steps worked as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're using the `console.log()` output to visualize if all the steps work as intended.
```

### 3. Claim Name

> After pre-claiming a name we need to make the name and chosen salt public to prove that our account is the owner of the name inside the main function at the end. This is done automatically, when the SDK function is used as described. Add following source code snippet at the end of the defined main function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pre-claiming a name we need to make the name and chosen salt public to prove that our account is the owner of the name inside the main function at the end. This is done automatically, when the SDK function is used as described. Add the following source code snippet at the end of the defined main function:
```

### 4. Update Name

> The name should be registered to the account now and can be updated to provide functionalities like pointing to an oracle, contract or account (wallet). We demonstrated in this tutorial how to point the name to the original account. This means that any transaction can be sent to this account, refering to its name, instead of the public key (which is much more user-friendly) now. At the end of the defined main function, add following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name is registered to the account now and can be updated to provide functionalities like pointing to an oracle, contract or account (wallet). We demonstrated in this tutorial how to point the name to the original account. This means that any transaction can be sent to this account, referring to its name, instead of the public key (which is much more user-friendly) now. At the end of the defined main function, add the following:
```
